Before presentation

Do zrobienia przed prezentacją:
zdjęcie w biurze z pandami
wygenerowac zdjecie z pandmai
kupic myszkę plastikową

TODO prezentacji:


stworzyc memy:
x GPT vs claude
meme GPT vs claude (krzywa twarz w gpt)
znalezc pacman
set background image
gra w intellij?
isc na rower (prezentacja odkopac)



Przed prezentacją komp:
rozdzielczość 1920 x 1080 jak trzeba
wyłączyć ticktick
włączyć timer
ustawić dobrze kamere, wyłączyć blur na zoom
sprawdzić czy jest internet
schować zakładki w przeglądarce

Przed prezentacją w projekcie:
włączyć presentation assistant
wyłączyć AI Copilot (Copilot disable completions)
usunąc background
wyczyścić bookmarki
sprawdzić QR kody
wywalić || i offset z tabelki
wydrukować kartkę i zaznaczyć gdzie memy
wrzucić tematyczną tapetę na tło


Skróty do usunięcia przed prezką:
Select file in a project view
Annotate (git)
Grade tab (zwrócić uwagę na run everything)
Open recent
Close other tabs
Delete to line start
Delete to line end
Open copilot chat (zostawić raczej)



Itroduction

And there are few important things regarding watching this presentation. I wont presentation mdoe, because I need all functionss of the IDE. Also, my presentation assistance is turned on, it means that whenever I use some shortcuts its gets displayed on the screen. There is only macOS shortcut and if you dont have macbook then you should buy it.

Also, many times I will be using names of the actions, what is very important, for example when i say “with find action” you will see on the screen find action. When I say I need a beer (drink), you will see a beer on the screen.

Content
Copilot

Generate curl for endpoint

Extract extension method for dropIfNotNull, write tests in groovy, put it in util package

Write code with example feature, ask for test, replace constructor with builder similar too another.


and much more… my biggest conclusion for using agent mode is avoiding GPT model, but I tried only 4.1, for me Claude works the best.
[M] GPT vs Claude (create this meme)
 Also, I think that its important to split the task into smaller part and implement features step by step.


as you saw, Copilot features are very mouse intensive, we don’t have so much shortcuts.
At this point, we can do even much more for pandas, and get rid of the plastic elements like our mouse, to save the world. That will bring us to another section, where using mouse seems to be pointless, but from observation it looks like many people don’t know about it


Pacman
https://www.google.com/search?q=pacman+online&oq=pacman+o&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUqBggBEEUYOzIGCAAQRRg5MgYIARBFGDvSAQgxNDYwajBqN6gCALACAA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8


Tool windows


⌘ ⇧ F12 - Hide All Windows / Restore All Windows

Enter Distraction Free Mode

⌘ 1 - Project
⌘ 4 - Run
⌘ 5 - Debug

⌘ E - Recent files

You can filter the result list by typing some text.

Use ESCAPE to go back from any tool window to editor.

⌃ ⌥ ← / → - Stretch (tool window) to Left / Right

⌘ ⇧ ' - Maximixe Tool Window

Use it to adjust width and height of any other tool window, for example Recent Files.


Keymap, assign new shortcut


Find Gradle


delete to line start
set background image


project view options - zeby sie plik otwieral itd

Drop Frame
Roll back the last method call in the stack and re-run it — insanely useful when stepping through complex logic without restarting.
at the end show `Annotate (git)` and say “as you can see, the whole file was created on the same day, so probably it was all generated by AI.

Code works, but lets refactor it a little bit (czy cos takiego)


Refactor

Go to OffersService.

Move class  (wht exception)
change signature (just to show)
extract variable account status
extract constant - not working
extract variable and move outside of function
companion object
extract method

but the best you can do with java file is
Convert Java file to Kotlin

and now we can use copilot for further refactoring

prompt:
Introduce dropIfNotNull and takeIfNotNull in util package. refactor code here

Check Refactor menu

Replace all @Unroll


Search and match
CMD SHIFT f and search for
match case, regex
match regex with a new line
match case (to find only annotations)
additionally run it only on the test directory (with mnemotics change project/directory etc


Replace all
CMD shift R
unformatted places

Reformat
select file in a project view
go to test directory
global reformat CMD SHIFT L
Use mnemotics to optimize import and select other options


Code editing

In general i like everything with the “next” word. Next beer

Next highlighted error (f2)

Find and CMD SHIFT G

Next highlighithed usage

next method

jump to matching bracket

last edit location



[TODO] Live templates, postfix completion, surround with

spgwt


Ifn I wstawić jeżeli udana prezentacja to idź na piwo
Else idź na piwo

ifn
if ($VAR$ == null) {
$END$
}


Complete current statement


5. Live story:



MOŻE NA KONIEC - przyklad live story
uruchomienie aplikacji
terminal
curl
uruchomienie testu
test w debugu
usuniecie breakpointow
otwieranie terminala, run, debug, zamykanie, gradle, run anything




Ending

Call to action:
apply this rules to your world


I promised that there won’t be mre slide and now i need to apologize you. I have one more slide with a big thank you. Maybe its not so big, but let me me use mouse to fix this. Thank you for your attention and I hope that you were surprised at least once during my presentation.




